.TH iii-extract-riff-chunk 1 "March 19th, 2011" "iii" "Klever Group (http://www.klever.net/)"
.hla en

.SH NAME

iii-extract-riff-chunk \- utility to extract chunks from RIFF files

.SH SYNOPSYS

\fBiii-extract-riff-chunk\fR
[\fB-h\fR] [\fB--help\fR] [\fB--usage\fR]
[\fB-V\fR] [\fB--version\fR]
[\fB-L\fR] [\fB--license\fR]
[\fB-1\fR] [\fB--first\fR]
<avi-file> <chunk-path>

.SH DESCRIPTION

The utility is designed to assist in extracting chunk from RIFF files. The main
(and only) reason why it was developed is to sort video files created by camera
by date.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-1\fR, \fB--first\fR
Stop after extracting the first matching chunk.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR, \fB--usage\fR
Display short usage instructions and exit.
.TP
\fB-V\fR, \fB--version\fR
Report version and exit.
.TP
\fB-L\fR, \fB--license\fR
Show licensing terms.

.SH EXAMPLE

The command line invokation

\fBiii-extract-riff-chunk DSC_0001.AVI '/RIFF.AVI /LIST.ncdt/nctg'\fR
| dd bs=1 skip=82 count=19 2>/dev/null

produces output

YYYY:MM:DD HH:MM:SS

at least for my Nikon D90 recorded AVI files.

.SH AUTHOR

Written by Michael Krelin <hacker@klever.net>

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Klever Group (http://www.klever.net/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

.SH BUGS

You tell me. Send reports to <iii-bugs@klever.net>
